* Self Introduce

@ Let's start the inteview now. Tell me something about yourself.
$ Hello, how are you? OK now, Let me introduce myself. I am Kim Jinhoon, 34 years old. I am married with two childrens. There are 4 members in my family. My wife, two sons and me. I am currently an office worker. I have been working for Opentide Korea for 2 years as a developer in the mobile department. In my free time, I like to watch movie and go jogging to the park. The jogging is usefull to refresh my mind and collect my thoughts. I have a easy-going personality. So many people arround me like to talk with me. OK. that's all about me. Nice to meet you. Thank you.


* House

@ Please tell me about your house. What does it look like?
$ I live in a townhouse with my family in Gwang-ju. My house is cozy and comfortable, but a little messy. Because my son is so activity. As soon as I enter my house, I can see a living room. And there are three badrooms and a bathroom in my house. One of the bedrooms is the master bedroom where my family sleep. In front of my house, there is a small park. I enjoy going out to the park with my son. I think my house is a good place for my family.

@ Can you tell me about your house where you live now? How is it different from your old house where you lived before? Please compare your old house with your current house in detail.
$ In the past, I lived in a small town house, but, on the other hand, I live in a large townhouse. Compared to my old house, my current house is brighter and more spacious. My old house had two badrooms, but now my current house has three badrooms and a large living room. So I can play simple game with my son in my house. Overall, I like my current house better than the old house.

@ Think about the time you moved into your house. How has your house changed since then?
$ My house has changed a lot since I first moved in. I didn't have many pieces of furniture when I first moved into this house becuase my old house was too small. I had purchased a lot of toys for my son. So there are many toys in everywhere in my house. Also, I redecorated my house. For excample, I installed new window curtain in a living room and a master room. It made my house looks like warmer then before. Now, my house is much better than before to live.

@ Now, let's talk about your bedroom. What's inside? What kind of funiture can you see in your room?
$ My room is cozy and comfortable. As soon as I enter my room, I can see a big bookshelf with many books on the left. I like to read books with my son before going to bad, So I have many books in my bad room. Right next to the bookshelf, there is a window with a window curtain. On the right side of my room, there is a whiteboard for my son. Overall, In my house, there are many things my son like, because I love my son very much.

@ Now let's talk about the furniture in your house. What kind of furniture do you have in your house? What can you see in the living room? What about in your own room?
$ I live in a downtown with my family. The living room in my house is some complicated because of my son. There are a lot of toys for my son in my living room. A trampoline, a sandbox, and the other many toys are in my living room. So, even though I often clean my living room, the living room is kind of messy. There is a big bookshelf with many books in my badroom. I like to read books with my son before going to bad, So I have many books in my bad room. Overall, In my house, there are many things my son like, because I love my son very much.


* Neighborhood

@ What is your neighborhood like? Where is it located? What kind of amenities are there in your neighborthood? Tell me about a place around your house in detail.
$ I live in townhouse with my family in Kwang-ju. My neighborhood is clean and peacefull because my neighborhood is far away from Seoul. In my town, there are not many amenties. But there is a park and a playground near my house, so I and my sun often go there and enjoy playing. Overall, my neighborhood is a good place to live.

@ How has the place where you live changed or developed? What was the city like?
$ I live in a townhouse with my family in Kwang-ju. The mose recent change was that a new expressway to Seoul was built near my house. So transportation is more convenient then before. Also, there are more apartments and houses than a few years ago. In addition, I can find new library opended near my house. Due to the changes, my town has developed a lot, and I think my town is more convenient to live then before.

@ Let's talk about a memorable experience that happended in you neighborhood. When and where did it happen? Why was it interesting or memorable to you?
$ I think it was about two years ago when it was a heavy snow night. A heavy snow blocked traffic my way home after a long day of work. So, my bus moved on very slowly, then it took more than 5 hours to get home from work. It was the most stressful experience I've ever had in my neighborhood.


* Movie

@ Tell me about a movie theater you often go to. Where is it? What does it look like?
$ I can't go to the theater, because my sons are too young. So I prefer watching movies at home to theater. I watch movies every weekends early morning at my living room. When I watch movies in my living room, it is like the good theater that I can watch movies alone and feel free and comfortable. I think my living room is a good place to enjoy watching movies.

@ What is your favorite type of movie and why?
$ I like to watch science fiction movies and there are several reasons why.
First of all, I like them because they have stories to stimulate my imagination. Also, they are packed with wonderful scenes, and I'm happy to watch them. In addition, science movies take my mind off the worries and stresses I have. So, for these reasons, I like science fiction movies.

@ What is your typical day when you go to the theater? What do you do before and after you watch a movie?
$ I can't go to the theater, because my sons are too young. So I prefer watching movies at home to theater. When I watch movie on my IP TV in my livingroom, I check the rating and the introduction of the movie. After the movie, I usually write rating on my IP TV.

@ Can you tell me about a memorable movie you have seen? What is the movie about? Who is the main actor or actress?
$ My memorable movie is IInterstellar. Christopher Nolan was the director in the movie. The movie was about a team of explorers travel through a wormhole in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival. The movie was a Hollywood blockbuster film and the movie had many wonderful scenes. So it took my mind off the worries and stresses I have. It was a greate movie.

@ When was the last time you went to a movie theater? Who did you go with? What did you see? What was it about?
$ I can't go to the theater, because my sons are too young. So I prefer watching movies at home to theater. My recent whatched movie was Interstellar. I whatched it on my IP TV with my wife. Before the movie, we made some snack to eat and dimmed the light in my livingroom. The movie was about a team of explorers travel through a wormhole in an attempt to ensure humanity's survival. The movie was a Hollywood blockbuster film and had many wonderful scenes. So it took my mind off the worries and stresses I have. It was a greate movie.


* Park

@ You indicated in the survey that you enjoy going to a park. Which park do you like to go to? Who do you usually go to the park with? Please describe your favorite park in detail.
$ I often go to a small park which is located in front of my house with my son. It only takes 1 minite on foot from my house. I usually go to the park with my son. The park is quitet and peaceful. As soon as I enter the park, I can see exercise equipments and benches. In addition, there are two badminton courts and a playground. I think this park is a good place to play with my son.

@ Can you tell me what you usually do at the park? Describe your typical day at a park from the beginning to the end?
$ I often go to a small park which is located in front of my house. I usually go to the park with my son, becuase my son like playing about in the park. When I go to the park, I usually take my son to a playground and care of him. And we take a walk together and have a conversation in the park. I think this park is a good place to play with my son.


* House chores

@ In your background survey, you indicated that you do house chores. What kind of housework do you usually do? Do you share your chores with your family?
$ I'd like to tell you about my housework at home. After working, I do my housework to help my wife. I usually clean my house and vacuum the floor. When I clean the house, I organize my son's toys first, because my house is always messy with many toys. And then, I separate the trash when a wastebasket  is full. My wife does almose all of the chores at home because she is a housewife. So I try to help her to reduce chores she do.

@ Can you tell me about some problems you had in your house? Did something break at home, or did you call a repairman to fix something? Describe tehm in detail.
$ I live in a townhouse with my family in Kwangju. Last winter, there was a big problem to solve at home. When our family came back home, we were embarrassed a lot, because the doorlock was broken with cold.  So I called a repair shop to have them fixed. It cost more than I expected, but I felt much better and relieved after completing the repairs.

* Texting messages

@ Can you describe the cell phone you use to send text messgages? What does it look like? Why do you use it to send text messages?
$ My phone is a LG Optimus Pro made by LG which is one of the large corporations in Korea. It's white, and I have a navy-colored case. My phone is light and thin, so it's easy to carry anywhere. I use my phone for many purposes. For example, I send a text message, take a picture, surf the Internet, and search for information. That's why I like to use my phone to send messages.

@ What do you usually text about? How often do you text messages? Who do you usually text with?
$ I send text messages every day. I usually use a phone application called Cacao-talk to send messages. It is a free mobile messenger application, so I can use it for free. When I send text messages, I mostly text with my wife. We always talk about our childrens and current issues. I also text with my family members. We have a family chatting room and talk about family matters. I think texting is useful and convenient to discuss, but sometimg, face to face is better than texting.


* Music

@ You indicated in the survey that you like to listen to music. When and where do you usually listen to music? What device do you use to listen to it?
$ I listen to music on the subway and the bus when I commute. I have a long commute. So, I listen to music to kill time. I like to use my smartphone to listen to music. It's handy and light, so I can carry it easily. Also, it has streaming application, so I can listen many songs on it. I think it's a good device to enjoy music.

@ What kind of music do you like? Who is your favorite singer or composer?
$ My favorite kind of music is balllads. I like to listen to it because it has the beuatiful melodies and makes me be happy. My favorite singer is a Korean pop singer called "Park Hyo Sin". I like him because he has a unique voice. He has a soft but strong voice. Also, his lyrics are very touching. I think he's very talented and I would highly recommend his shongs to others.


* Singing

@ You indicated in the survey that you like to sing. Tell me about the types of music or songs you like to sing.
$ I like to sing all kinds of songs but I especially like to sing ballads. I like to sing ballads because I can empathize with the lyrics and they are easy to sing along to. So I often practice singing ballads songs and sing them at Karaoke. Sing at Karaoke with my friends is one of my favorits.

* Swimming

@ You indicated in the survey that you swim. When do you usually go swimming? Why do you like swimming? What are the adventages of this activity?
$ I usually go swimming with my family in the summer. I go swimming to spend time with my family and stay fit at the same time. Swimming is a whole body workout, so I think it's a great way to exercise. There are many advantages of swimming. For example, it's a good way to cool off in the summber. So, I always feel refreshed after a swim. I think swimming is a good way to stay healthy.

* Jogging / Walking

@ You indicated in the survey you like to jog. When and where do you normally jog? What do you do in preparation for jogging? What do you do while jogging? How long do you jog for?
$ I usually jog at a park near my company when the weather is good. Before jogging, I check the weather. While jogging, I collect my thought and refresh my mind. I normally jog for at least 30 minutes to stay healthy. I think jogging is a good way to stay healthy.

@ Where do you usually go for jogging? Why do you like going there?
$ As i've already said, I often jog at a park near my company. The park is always quiet and peaceful. So, it's nice to exercise there. As soon as I enter the park, I can see a big artificial lake. I usually jog along the lake. Also there is nice trees and flowers. So, I enjoy to see that. Overall, I think the park is a good place to jog.

* Vacations at home

@ You indicated in the survey that you like to stay home for vacation. Why do you like to stay home during a vacation? What kind of activities do ou usually do at home?
$ I'll tell you about the reason why I like to stay home for vacation. I like to spend my vacations at home because I can spend time with my family and I can have a good rest. When I stay home, I usually watch movies on my TV and have a good rest. In addition, I surf the Internet and enjoy online games. I think spending time at home is a good way to enjoy my vacations.

* Travel

@ You indicated in the survey that you like to travel domestically. Which place do you like to travel to in your country? Why do you like that place?
$ My favorite place in my country is Jeju island. It is the biggest island and the most popular vacation spot in Korea. I like this place a lot because they have delicious local specialties like fresh seafood and juicy tangerines that melt in your mouth. Also, I can enjoy swimming at the beach. I would strongly recommend this place to you.

@ Can you tell me about the most memorable trip that you've ever taken? Why was it so unforgettable to you?
$ Let me tell you about my memorable trip. Four years ago, I teaveled to Jeju island with my wife for my summmer vacation. When I went there,  I took many photos of us with the breathtaking scenery of the island. Also, I tried to spend a lot of time with my wife. It was especially memorable because the locals were very friendly. They spoke kindly to us when we asked for directions. I will never forget the trip.

* Food

@ What is your typical meal like? What do you usually have for your typical meals?
$ I'll tell you about my typical meals. For breakfast, I eat vegetable salad. I don't have time in the morning, so I have a quick and light breakfast. And I usually have luanch at the cafeteria in my company. For dinner, I usually have warm Korean food. It's mostly rice with soup and side dishes. I try to eat a lot of vegetables for my health.

* Eating out

@ Tell me about the restaurant you often go to. Where is it? What kind of dishes do they serve? Why do you go there often?
$ I often go to a buffet restaurant called "Eshuly" downtown. It has a lively atmosphere. They serve many kinds of food, such as spaghetti, pizza, chicken and wine. My favorite menu among them is chicken. I like this restaurant because they have great food and reasonable prices. I think it is a good place to eat.

* Shopping

@ How often do you go shopping? When and where do you usually go? Who do you usually go with? Describe your routine at a shopping place.
$ I'd like to tell you about my routine when I go shopping. I often go grocery shopping on the weekend. I usually go to the Nonghyup near my house with my wife. We usually take a shopping basket. When we go grocery shopping there, we usually buy fruites, ingredients, snacks, and drinks. Since they have a clearance sale for icecreams,  sometime we buy many kinds of the icecreams.

* Health

@ People like to stay healthy these days. What do healthy people usually do? Please discuss what they like to eat  to stay healthy.
$ I'd like to describe healthy people. I think healthy people usually get regular exercise and think positively. When it comes to their eating habits, they try to avoid unhealthy food like fast food and junk food. In my case, since I want to stay health, I often try to exercise at a park near my company and I sleep enough.

* Talking on the phone

@ Who do you usually talk on the phone with? What do you usually talk about when you are on the phone?
$ Actually, I don't often talk on the phone these days because I usually use message application to communicate with others. But I talk on the phone, I usually talk with my family. When I talk with my family, I usually talk about when I will go home and what we will eat for dinner. Also, we usually talk about daily life.

* Fashion

@ Describe the clothes you are wearing now. What kind of clothes are you wearing today?
$ I will tell you about the clothes I am wearing today. Now, I am wearing blue jeans with a long sleeved shirt and running shoes. I like to be dressed in simple clothes, so I usually wear a simple shirt with blue jeans. I have a bag to carry my stuff such as some books, a small tissue and a wallet. Anyway, I am wearing casual clothes today.

* Appointment

@ There are many different kinds of appointments people make. What kinds of appointments do you usually make with people?
$ Sometimes, I make an appointment with my friend. we usually have a drink and talk about each other's daily life. Since I am busy these days, I can't meet my friend very often. In addition, I make an appointment with my co-worker to have a drink after work.

* Hotel

@ Describe a hotel you've recently been to. What was is like to stay there? What did you see? Take me on a trip to the hotel you stayed at.
$ When I went the honeymoon, we stayed  the hotel in Bangkock. The hotel was small, but it was clean and modern inside. Also, the rooms had a large flat screen TV on the wall, an amazing view from the balcony, and a big bad. So, I felt welcomed and comfortable during my stay there. Overall, I enjoyed my stay at this hotel.

* Bank

@ What do people usually do at a bank in your country? Please tell me about things people do at a bank in detail.
$ I'd like to tell you about the reason why people go to a bank. People usually go to a bank to deposit and withdraw money. Somtimes, they open and close a bank account if needed. Also, they wire or transfer money and get a loan at the bank. In my case, I often take my money out from the ATM machine.

* Holiday

@ What is the biggest holiday in your country? How do you celebrate it? What do you usually do on the holiday?
$  The biggest holiday in my country is called Chuseok. It is Korean Thanksgiving Day, which last for three days. During the holiday, people return to their hometowns to get together with their family and relatives. When families get together, they exchange gifts and eat traditional food together to celebrate the holiday.

* Geography

@ Describe your country's geography for me. Are there mountains, lakes or rivers? What is your country like?
$ I live in South Korea, which is located in North East Asia. As it is a peninsula, it is surrounded by three seas. Also, about 70% of our land is covered with mountains. There are many mountains even in the big city like Seoul. Overall, I think Korea has a unique and interesting geography.

* Library

@ Describe a typical library in your country. What does it look like? What can you see there?
$ I'd like to describe a typical library in my country. There are many libraries in my country like school libraries and city libraries. Libraries are usually quiet. As soon as I enter the library, I can see a cafeteria on the first floor. and there is a children's book center  on the first and second floor. On the third floor, I can also see study rooms, and a reference room with a computer zone. I think a library is a good place to study and read books.

* Technology

@ Tell me about the technology you used in your childhood. How is it different from the past to now?
$ I think the biggest change is with my mobile device. When I was in college, I used 2G phones. On the other hand, I use a 4G phone which is a smart phone today. I think using a smart phone is better because I can search for information and use a lot kinds of the application. Technology makes my life better and I can save my time.


* Recycling

@ Describe each step you take when you recycle at home. What do you usually recycle? Why do you think it's important to recycle?
$ I'll tell you how I recycle. First, I separate different products according to their material. For example, I separate plastic from glass and put them in different bins. After that, I put the food waste into its bin. It smells awful, so I don't like doing it, but it's required by law in my country.

* Transportation
@ I'd like to know about public trasportation in your country. What kind of public transportation do you have in your country? Which one do you prefer to take and why?
$ I'd like to tell you about public transportation in my country. I think public transportation in my country is very cheap and convenient to use. There are two types of public transportation such as bus and subway. I perfer to take a subway. I like it because it comes on time and there is no traffic. In addition, it's easy to transfer to another line.

* Weather
@ Tell me about today's weather. What is happening right now?
$ I'll tell you about today's weather. The weather is warm and sunny today. I think it's the perfect weather for picnins. It rained last week but this week the weather is simply amazing. However, according to the weather forecast, it'll get hot this weekend. So, I think I'll be at home this weekend.


* Seasons
@ What kind of seasons are there in your country? Are there any distinct changes?  Please describe the characteristics of each season.
$ I live in Korea, and we have four distinct seasons. First of all, in spring, it's sunny and warm, so I can enjoy beautiful cherry blossoms. In summber, it's scorching hot and humid. So, many people go to the beach to cool off from the heat. In fall, it's sunny and windy. Also, the leaves turn red and yellow, so mountains look very beautiful in fall. Lastly, in winter, it's freezing cold, and it snows heavily. The temperature falls below zero. Personally, I like winter the best because I don't like scorching hot and humid.



